Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
So you just saw what deep learning looks like with Curiel.
And now I'm going to proceed with the applications of deep learning.
And there are two main applications.
The first one is computer vision.
We apply deep breathing techniques to make a computer recognize objects faces or any kind of features
on videos or images or even webcams.
You know you can apply computer vision for streaming images and that's a big first application and there's
some amazing models implemented for computer vision and I'm going to talk about them in this tutorial.
And then the second big application of deep learning is now you know when you apply deep learning to
text.
So for example it can be applied to speech recognition can be applied to machine translation but of
course the best and the most powerful application of DBAN LP is definitely chapbooks you can build a
chat but by combining deep learning and a.p.
So I will talk about DeBerry and hope in the next Doyle so I'll say much more on this.
But today in this is oil I'll talk about this first application of deepening computer vision.
So what should I start by saying well this is an introduction to the science course so of course the
first thing I'm going to tell you is the first step if by any chance you're interested in going into
that field and the first step is to start with a computer vision model that is either not based on deep
learning and that is open city that is the heart Cascades detectors so you probably have heard of this
amazing confusion library which is called Open City but I'm telling you the open city library is far
from being the best computer vision models used today.
And 2018 at the time I'm speaking.
But it's good to start with this because this is the simplest moral.
It's very easy to understand and this will warm you up for the real deal that is deep learning.
So start with open sea you have a lot of documentation online you have amazing courses on the Internet.
We have a deep learning and computer vision course that introduces you to open TV and actually we build
a model based on open city to recognize eyes noses and mouth and even a smile.
We make a smell detector with open the store with this.
And then once you're ready to take it to the next level well jump into deep and computer vision.
And so now let's talk about this.
What is deep learning combined in computer vision.
Well I have to mention three models three major and powerful deep computer vision models.
The first one is the SSD single shot multi box detector.
This is one of my favorites and this is one of the most powerful.
It can detect basically any object on a video or on some images or even on your webcam.
You know I made an application last year I had my camera at the top of my car on my way down to Malibu
and just what fun I was trying to detect the cars around me the persons and other types of objects and
this works very well even if the car is not that close to you.
And so the as is deemed inundations are not that abundant on the Internet.
The good news is that we make one in deeper than computer vision course so feel free to check it out.
I'm sure there are some other great courses that implement this as well.
But if you trust us we show you how to use it and how to have fun with it.
And by the way at the end of this oil I will show you a very nice video we took as input as is the model
of our deep learning and computer vision course so that will be the end.
And now let's move on to the second amazing DPN computer vision model which is the yellow V-2 the yellow
v2 is for some people even better than the SSD.
It is not implemented in our and computer vision course so feel free to check out some other courses.
But since it is not implemented right now I'm going to walk you through some amazing Ullevi to documentation
so that you can check it out and maybe later if you're interested in that field.
Compare these two miles.
All right so here I'm on Google.
Let's type here.
Yolo V-2 exactly that you know V-2 that's Precentor.
And there we go.
So I recommend to check out the first link first because indeed this is an amazing condition with by
the way an amazing video here we can check it out if you want let's watch it for two seconds.
I think this is one of the James Bond movies.
I'm going to watch this
you can see it detects all the persons even umbrellas even some chairs.
You know it detects everything and very fast with very fat even the size.
No this guy was identified as diet.
I don't know if you can hear me but basically we can see the power of this yellow V-2 the infantry division.
This is quite amazing even motorbikes cars everything so very powerful that I'm going to press pause
now.
But you definitely know how to check it out.
So YOLO v2.
And I think you even have the video on YouTube to check it out.
It's quite intense.
And also at the end I'll show you a demo of the model which was a video made in our deep computer vision
course.
All right.
So that's it.
That's it for the second show YOLO v2.
And now the third amazing computer vision model.
And actually we shouldn't call this computer vision mode but computer creation model because this is
a model with which you can take some images as input and then create the same images but completely
designed by the computer.
And that at the pixel level.
For example if I show you these two persons would you say there are real persons.
Well probably yes or probably not because you know I'm going right now but you are really looking at
human beings.
But that's actually not right.
We're not looking at human beings.
We're looking at some people created by a computer thanks to a computer vision model or more correctly
a computer creation model.
And these are the Gannes generative either social networks a super powerful DeBerry all applied for
computer vision computer creation and also you have the most advanced implementation of these gangs
because they have several versions which are the cycle.
So if you really want to go that far in that field you have to go up to the cycle Ganns.
And you know it's not like this deep computer vision model took a face and then replace some eyes.
No it created these human faces at the pixel level by assembling the pixels in the right way to create
an image that looks like a human face.
So that's pretty amazing.
And that's my four recommendations.
If you're interested in that field.
So let's summarize it first.
Start with open city then check Yelton parallel as is the single shut multi-post detector and the yellow
V-2 and eventually check out the Gannes generative everso networks.
And if you really want to go far check out the cycle again.
All right so that's it.
I hope this is an introduction to deepen division that suits you.
And now as promised I'm going to finish with this very exciting video of one of my favorite places in
the world.
Monument Valley and this is a video on which we apply the computer vision model.
Single Shot multi box detector and Justitia.